newest trends spring 2012 not only will
I show you was popular this season but
I'll tell you where to get these trucks
fritsche who doesn't like a bargain
first up peplum from skirts to tops two
dresses this trend was seen in various
runway shows during Fashion Week last
season Michael ish okay so those
garments are pretty pricey but check out
uk-based boo calm for pretty peplum
pieces next pastels are always in for
spring and they were in full force from
the runway my favorite pastel collection
was Louis Vuitton while pastels are
always in I'd say the color of the
moment is mint green take out forever 21
for minty pieces they have an entire
page dedicated to the color
lastly old prints are definitely in this
spring
entire printed outfits are cool but if
you're like me you know don't like all
that flashiness then just stick with
printed pants I'll turn on the plane top
likes
if you're feeling prints on your pants
asos.com and blue calm have some really
cute affordable ones so those are the
spring 2012 trends that caught my eye
don't forget to click the links below
and have a nice day